small pieces are continuing to evolve to
meet the varying needs of every consumer
there is no doubt that small pieces are
becoming some of the most successful
creations in the history of computing
apart from their tiny size their most
compelling future could just be their
budget friendly prices recently the
world's first nine dollar computer was
launched as a Kickstarter project this
low price computer is named as cheap and
it is created by the company next thing
some are calling the nine dollar chip a
Raspberry Pi killer just like its
competition chip has all the functions
of a full computer and yet it's only as
because you credit card chip is equipped
with Wi-Fi Bluetooth and the optional
ports for HDMI and VGA at such a tiny
size it's quite amazing to think that it
packs 512mb of RAM 1g hobbits processor
and 4gb of storage it is also compatible
with a lite version of debian linux we
can use cheap with libero fees to edit
spreadsheet create web documents or
craft presentations the nine dollar chip
comes pre-loaded with scratch and easy
to learn language that teaches the
basics of programming by making stories
games and animations we can also play
games using a Bluetooth controller and
we can use the chromium browser to surf
the web check out websites send emails
watch videos and more chip comes
pre-installed with the dozens of useful
applications tools and amazing games
beyond those chip can run thousands of
free applications from the open source
community next thing has also introduced
the $49 Parker
cheap handle computer that the chip can
block into complete with a 4.3 inch
resistive color touchscreen a 3000 mAh
battery and a clicky keyboard the packet
ship is not meant to replace your
smartphone but it could bring portable
computing to the masses for a very
affordable price this is chip the
world's first nine dollar computer
connect / composite VGA or HDMI chip
does computer things save your documents
to chips on-board storage surf the web
over a Wi-Fi play games with a Bluetooth
controller but wait there's more this is
pocket chip it makes chip portable take
chip put it in the pocket chip and you
can use chip anywhere you might have
noticed chip looks a little different
than every other computer because we
built chit to fit into your projects and
we're so excited to see what you can do
with a nine dollar computer